you know if the pain goes on American
classic our second interview of the day
and it goes to Roscoe Allen Roscoe how
are you doing I'm doing good thank you
very much
okay Roscoe native of Las Vegas Nevada
yes a lot of Hoops plane being played
exactly yes with all the tournaments
let's talk about your high school Bishop
Gorman yes and the level of play that
you're at it's a Division one two three
for our viewers and then Oh Division one
and then I have a great set of teammates
and we're hoping they'll repeat again
Bishop Gorman is it would that be
somewhat similar to like a Catholic
League or it's all private school oh
we're a private school but we play with
just our regular high school schedule
okay so far an outstanding season last
year you're looking to repeat that for
this coming fall right hopefully we can
3p and one state again that'll be great
okay three-peat some of the players
you're working with and playing with now
for the recruitment and going on - OH
Shabazz Muhammad he's actually my
teammate and he's a great guy
okay and for yourself this talks about
your position your role on the team and
your coach I'm a small forward and I
play for Coach rice coach grant rice
he's my high school coach and I'm more
of a wing type player just attacking the
rim and coming off picks if we're jump
shots and so the program will have you
going up at 69 at that high a lot six
eight oh six eight okay wait
195 okay and you're working now is
school of still obsession so but this is
a spring are my school ended on Friday
oh okay okay so I've been on summer
vacation so that okay so you're not
you're actually ready and preparing for
next season yes exactly
okay the Pangos all-american classic
what's what's that meant to you so far
just these three days oh just playing in
a very competition this great group of
guys and hopefully keeps going okay
you're seeing players you've never
played against from different parts of
the country yes definitely
and how was it for the parent are your
parents able to accompany it's not too
far away from my father he came down
drugging down and he's been with me the
whole time we've seen a lot of players
here where we asked about the influences
in their life not only as a young person
and young a young son growing up but
also his players so was there some
basketball history in your family oh no
my father well he played overseas a
little bit but my father is a big
influence in my life because it's
important to have that that groundedness
a balance in life but you love sports
you love basketball yes definitely okay
give me a couple of names that you your
watch intently the NBA college
who-who-who would you tell us some
players our teams Oh Kobe Bryant he's
he's my idol he's a great player and
just look up to him hopefully you can
win the championship again Celtics
versus Lakers obviously you you want to
go to Lakers yes definitely
okay so Kobe Bryant's number one on your
on your list other teams other college
teams you might be looking at or vice
versa they're looking at you all college
teams it's mostly on the west coast and
this so this is a chance for you to get
that coaches attention for the
recruitment for the for the next and
you're in your freshman year in college
right you you're gonna play one more
year in high school and anymore excuse
me your 2012 then yes okay I should have
asked you that earlier on it's I
apologize so you have some time and
you're just going to get bigger and
better
yes definitely that's the goal
laughs we want to thank you for taking
some time this year on these are like 40
calm you over on the back is there of
the classic here and see you soon